
Ingedore "Rampart" Vence
(Sometimes goes by Indigo)

1. Most Lancers work far away from where they began. Where did you grow up? Who did you grow up with? What led you to becoming a Lancer? 
> The core worlds are where the results of Union's efforts bear fruit, and that was no different for the late settlers to already established satellite planets (which his parents were). Peace is a nice accelerator for development, but Union policies can be tricky at times. Militia forces, outdated values, unseen forces. Many factors trigger the protocols that enforce locals to take up the Union flag and move away, and Ingedore was just a "luck" of the draw. From then on it went from peaceful family gatherings among old friends and family around newborn construction sites, to a rigorous training regimen inside a training facility on one of the ISPN homeworlds. "Demoralizing" is a soft term for it.
>
> A promise for a swift return after service: Keep your head down, your weapon up, and the battlefield clear of hostile forces. All delivered, no promise was kept. Instead, it was increased responsibility, increased power in the ranks, and a shiny new mech pilot license. He thought he would be done with this by now, but it was never going to be over, would it?
>
> A few months of service go by and no new hopes in sight. The commanding officer would care less about things, just pass on new license authorizations to "keep him happy" he put it. It wasn't the reason he was there, it was never the reason. The insatiability of answers and hopes led to a change in behavior on the battlefield. Aggressive maneuvers, dead prisoners, and many other things to get more than a stern talking to about. During that disciplinary hearing Ingedore couldn't take it anymore, snapped (more than just the table). 
>
>We skip forward a few years. Ingedore is on a delayed death row sentence, and it isn't until an SSC representative (or what seems like one) announces that all his trouble will be solved if he agrees to some terms and helps with some official Union rescue operations. Of course, all of his old licenses would be rewritten to adhere to the policies of this new agreement... Regardless, its his best chance to see his old family again - if they recognize him after all this time.

2) As an LL6 Lancer, you likely were involved in multiple missions in the past. What kind of missions did you go on? Who did you fight? Where? 
> As both a boots on the ground ISPN operative and forward base protecting Lancer pilot, Ingedore has gone through every step and stone of what it means to be a soldier, a weapon, and even a hero on some fronts. Hostiles were never officially revealed to the teams he worked on, just that they were "not allowed aboard this vessel". Doesn't matter if it were the trenches between the trees, the dunes of saturn, or the anti-pirate operations for spacefaring operations, Ingedore had been there, fought that.

3) Many experienced Lancers customize their mech, beyond just equipment and systems. Exterior markings, cabin decorations, mementos, and comforts. How is your mech customized?
> His original mech, a Vlad class frame with a large bulwark shield, had a nice assortment of the mementos he was able to carry off his home planet. Nothing else to him mattered, so it was usually a plain default print with the extra forward facing armor. After the incident he had nothing left to carry with him - his old mech repurposed for printer glue, his vestures and old photographs thrown out the airlock as a form of punishment. His new cold and sterile frame blurred his pasts so far behind him that no personality was left in its design. He just hopes that he can do what he wanted to from the start and return while also being limited to these new fighting procedures and armaments.