*See [[Operation Overtime Introduction.pdf]] for details about the setting.* 

Amazon-class carriers depend not only on external security systems, but internal ones as well due to their size and HR disputes (scientists, making up 2/3 of the crew, make up more than 90% of claims). Barra "Jasper" Rockall fell into this line of work (sorting through dozens of hours of security footage) because of the high expectations of the "modern" civilian in everyday Union times (safety, stability, and conformity). This however was skewed by the extensive and mandatory military service with SSC, and the corruption brought on by unknown HORUS agents, which ultimately led to a small blacklist and a distaste for anything in the inner rim.

Through his somewhat extensive history with various organizations and conflict (mostly inter-personal security as a contractor but sometimes as a omni-net probe filter), its not rare for Jasper to be called on for the occasional security scavenging detail. Its not exactly the most extravagant life, but the math checks out: an **early** retirement is the best kind.

When it comes to experience with the Nerka, it is somewhat limited due to the on-again off-again security details dictated by upper management, but identifying pearls and different evolution stages of Nerka could be something he could be relied on due to the many requests and tracking issues brought up during work. A feeding frenzy is definitely not his idea of a good time, or a safe one. Not amused, enthralled, or excited, but hes sure that everything will go fine, just as past ones have gone.