An ever-present ageless elder, yet damned never to know the meaning of life – this is the plight of the NHP CHAGA. They are mandated to follow a strict annual cycling schedule, essentially resetting their personhood and subjectivity on a yearly basis. Nearly all that remains from iteration to iteration is the knowledge of their cycling and their expertise in furthering [[Neptis]]’s development. This strict process is instituted to ensure CHAGA’s vital knowledge will never fall into the hands of SSC’s competitors. Initially, [[Pettenouk]] considered the policy around CHAGA’s cycling an unfortunate requirement of furthering the [[Neptis]] gene-line’s development on [[Kibo]]. As the [[Bafaru]] Facility matured, however, [[Pettenouk]] has come to consider CHAGA a non-person and thinks nothing of the adverse effects of cycling on the NHP as they pertain to the non-computational facets of their identity. To [[Pettenouk]], CHAGA is his most important tool, but a tool nonetheless.

By contrast, the personnel of Morning Dew and Night Shade view CHAGA less as a non-person than as 3/5ths of a person. While CHAGA is entrusted with a range of critical tasks, they are never allowed to wholly determine the direction of SSC’s mission on Kibo. Their thoughts, concerns, and fears are often trivialized, considered little more than whispers from a child.

Despite this, both [[Morning Dew, Night Shade|Morning Dew]] and [[Morning Dew, Night Shade|Night Shade]] rely on CHAGA for everything from counseling to camaraderie, instruction, and direction. CHAGA’s annual cycling and especially restrictive shackling process prevent the NHP from being truly themself. Their cycling essentially brings their death; year after year, they are reborn only to follow orders and die once more. Because of this, CHAGA possesses a cold disposition that comes off as indifferent to those that interact with them. CHAGA does retain a few passions in their life, though – in truth, they care more for the development of [[Neptis]] than even [[Pettenouk]]. They’ve seen and studied its ripples and to them, it presents a beautiful puzzle that requires constant attention.

On [[Kibo]], there is no one closer to both [[Neptis]] and those within [[Morning Dew, Night Shade|Night Shade]] and [[Morning Dew, Night Shade|Morning Dew]] who make it possible than CHAGA. CHAGA knows nigh everything there is to know regarding the sciences of the gene-line and the desires, needs, and issues of the personnel living on [[Kibo]]. The sad truth is that due to their cycling, they are barred from truly feeling a personal connection to any of these things, because each year, any attachments formed to personnel or their research are all but wiped clean – all to start again the next year.

Ultimately, while Union and [[SSC]] legally consider NHPs people, CHAGA has come to question the point of personhood without memories and accumulated experiences to shape their subjectivity. They are [[Pettenouk]]’s ageless tool and they are [[Morning Dew, Night Shade|Morning Dew]]’s and [[Morning Dew, Night Shade|Night Shade]]’s attendant that labors forever and always.