Respected for a long history of profound attunement to the needs of his wards, [[Pettenouk]] has been the linchpin to the project’s success for nearly the entire history of the [[Bafaru]] Facility. Through his guidance and with the assistance of the NHP [[CHAGA]] the [[Bafaru]] Facility has become one of SSC’s most esteemed genetic ventures. [[Pettenouk]]’s vision is to see the expansion of the project and the adoption of the [[Neptis]] gene-line as the gold standard for Cosmopolitan personnel throughout Union.

To achieve his vision of advancing the [[Neptis]] gene-line to galactic ubiquity [[Pettenouk]] demands his personnel on [[Kibo]] believe in the importance of the mission. In recent years, his dedication has been somewhat tempered; however, in the early days of the project, his demands frequently included the comprehensive disciplining of “irregular” and unsanctioned behaviors, including unauthorized socializing, romantic pairings, unapproved access to the omninet, as well as adherence to a strict dietary regime.

[[Pettenouk]] recognizes the harsh treatment of his personnel as the catalyst that lead to the desertion of those who followed the Bondless into the Kimawense Range. While he now regrets some of these decisions, he has successfully driven all SSC personnel in good standing on [[Kibo]] to internalize the success of the project as life’s primary purpose.

The staff of the [[Bafaru]] Facility operates in two highly regimented groups: [[Morning Dew, Night Shade|Night Shade]] and [[Morning Dew, Night Shade|Night Shade]]. Each group follows a strict code of life and is defined by a distinctive set of genetic permutations instituted by [[Pettenouk]] to ensure maximum operational success and reliability of the [[Neptis]] line. [[Morning Dew, Night Shade|Night Shade]] and [[Morning Dew, Night Shade|Night Shade]] operate in variant ways determined by [[Petternouk]]’s NHP assistant, [[CHAGA]]. This provides suitable conditions for [[CHAGA]] to analyze the mutagenic ripples of the Neptis gene-line in different conditions.
